README.md, before:


### 简单
- [design-hashmap](https://github.com/icecoll/leetcode/blob/main/design-hashmap/)
- [number-of-1-bits](https://github.com/icecoll/leetcode/blob/main/number-of-1-bits/)
- [remove-duplicates-from-sorted-list](https://github.com/icecoll/leetcode/blob/main/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-list/)
- [two-sum](https://github.com/icecoll/leetcode/blob/main/two-sum/)
- [reverse-integer](https://github.com/icecoll/leetcode/blob/main/reverse-integer/)
- [reverse_bits](https://github.com/icecoll/leetcode/blob/main/reverse_bits/)

### 中等
- [basic-calculator-ii](https://github.com/icecoll/leetcode/blob/main/basic-calculator-ii/)
- [spiral-matrix](https://github.com/icecoll/leetcode/blob/main/spiral-matrix/)
- [remove-duplicates-from-sorted-list-ii](https://github.com/icecoll/leetcode/blob/main/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-list-ii/)
- [rotate-list](https://github.com/icecoll/leetcode/blob/main/rotate-list/)
- [binary-search-tree-iterator](https://github.com/icecoll/leetcode/blob/main/binary-search-tree-iterator/)
- [search_matrix](https://github.com/icecoll/leetcode/blob/main/search_matrix/)
- [clumsy-factorial](https://github.com/icecoll/leetcode/blob/main/clumsy-factorial/)

### 困难
- [volume-of-histogram-lcci](https://github.com/icecoll/leetcode/blob/main/volume-of-histogram-lcci/)

Commit message:

can-you-eat-your-favorite-candy-on-your-favorite-day

README.md, after:


### 简单
- [design-hashmap](https://github.com/icecoll/leetcode/blob/main/design-hashmap/)
- [number-of-1-bits](https://github.com/icecoll/leetcode/blob/main/number-of-1-bits/)
- [remove-duplicates-from-sorted-list](https://github.com/icecoll/leetcode/blob/main/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-list/)
- [two-sum](https://github.com/icecoll/leetcode/blob/main/two-sum/)
- [reverse-integer](https://github.com/icecoll/leetcode/blob/main/reverse-integer/)
- [reverse_bits](https://github.com/icecoll/leetcode/blob/main/reverse_bits/)

### 中等
- [basic-calculator-ii](https://github.com/icecoll/leetcode/blob/main/basic-calculator-ii/)
- [spiral-matrix](https://github.com/icecoll/leetcode/blob/main/spiral-matrix/)
- [remove-duplicates-from-sorted-list-ii](https://github.com/icecoll/leetcode/blob/main/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-list-ii/)
- [rotate-list](https://github.com/icecoll/leetcode/blob/main/rotate-list/)
- [binary-search-tree-iterator](https://github.com/icecoll/leetcode/blob/main/binary-search-tree-iterator/)
- [search_matrix](https://github.com/icecoll/leetcode/blob/main/search_matrix/)
- [clumsy-factorial](https://github.com/icecoll/leetcode/blob/main/clumsy-factorial/)
- [can-you-eat-your-favorite-candy-on-your-favorite-day](https://github.com/icecoll/leetcode/blob/main/can-you-eat-your-favorite-candy-on-your-favorite-day/)

### 困难
- [volume-of-histogram-lcci](https://github.com/icecoll/leetcode/blob/main/volume-of-histogram-lcci/)
